Dude, it seemed like we just did this. It does.
Feel pretty racist it a year ago. I don't know.
It's already October. I'm scared. Let's just spark up a joint book
launch. One of them Backwoods. Now one of these Backwoods, these are so good.
Just smell it. Just smell. Whoa.
Yeah. You know, everyone was commenting on your blunt rolling technique.
After the Elon Musk thing. Oh, I don't roll. I know. They were like,
I knew that and they were like, oh, what does he? He just,
he can barely roll a blunt. I was like, it's professionally rolled.
It's a pretty, real good bond.
That smells good. Smells so good. They taste good too. There's a,
those are phenomenal. The I I'm a blunt, man.
I know it's probably bad for your lungs,
but there's something about the tobacco gets you a little high up and then the
marijuana sort of like spreads you out and it puts you in like a new dimension.
Yeah. That's that's a good one.
I'm going to get blitz grieved after Halloween kids. Oh yeah.
Imagine how high you'll get to after 30 days.
Yeah. Last year I did, I did comedy.
I had no idea what I was talking about while I was on stage. I was like,
oh my God, there's 400 people in this room.
I always thought of bringing in all my marijuana and booze and here, like, uh,
like Wyatt, like it like in the old west,
when you had to turn in your guns and just dumping them on the table.
Cause I have so much marijuana. It's ridiculous.
I know. It's crazy.
I keep a stack of whiskey over there and then we've got another cabinet full in
the back. Yeah. You can get up hard for you here in this place.
We're going to get ripped on the back.
Remember when we did the podcast on the day back? Yeah, those were,
those were fun. That was fun. It's so much more fun when he's high,
scary and grumpy. When he's sober was such a grouchy.
Dog, he gets.
Like legit angry. Like he could joke around about anything when he's high,
when he smokes weed. But then when he's not smoking weed, you're like, wait,
wait, wait, are you serious? He gets upset.
Do you remember when you texted the three se like, all right,
I don't think you're doing the right classes. Do you remember that?
I think you're going to have to do them again.
[Inaudible].
I love you. He called.
You, right? He called.
You upset. Oh yeah. Yeah. He was upset. I don't remember if we texted or called,
but I go Ari. I love you. I'm just joking. I'm sure you do.
But one thing about Arias,
this is one thing that you could say after all the welting talking all the
nonsense. Ari has rock solid ethics, rocks off. Yes.
He does. Like if Ari said he's going to do something, he does it like,
so if I'm with him and saying, I don't think you're doing it. Like,
I don't really.
Mean, right, right. You're just kind of, you're poking at him. Right. So.
If you're out there Ari and you hear this Molly around, I know you're doing it.
He can talk to you for the next 31 days.
He came back. He came to our class for that last one. He was like,
it was so much easier than my class.
Can't believe you questioned how hard my class was one and we didn't Encino.
Yes. He was like, this is so easy compared to what I've been doing in New York.
Look, it's all easy. If you go easy, I guess it's all how you do it. If you,
if you do hot yoga and you go 100%, every pose, it's.
Hard as the man who's teaching. Yeah. It's hard. But there's this.
Guy that I go to here for no.
A hundred percent. I have a drinking problem. Legit drinking.
Water.
Okay. There's this guy that I go to yoga with, uh, who is, uh,
he's. It seems like he just doesn't ever go a hundred percent.
He sorta just kind of like, you know, you put your arms above your head.
He always does this. He's never doing this race fully stretched out,
extend his palms net connected. When you do that, it's hard. Right?
If you just kind of half-ass every pose and do this. Yeah.
You can get through a 90 minute class. You're not doing the same thing as well.
Yeah. If you do, if you do any,
if you were to go to like a group training class somewhere, you can see people.
And there's like that 63 year old lady,
who's like doing a way she's on her knees. She's like,
this is hard and talking at a normal rate. You're like, you're not,
you're not doing it yet.
The trouble with my CrossFit class. Cause I, I was just getting.
I was throwing up every day. I was throwing up every single day.
I was also drinking a coffee right before it started.
So I was throwing up coffee every single day. And one day I just snapped. I go,
Hey, the black, guy's not doing his burpees, the black guy.
That's what they said, Joe. That's what they said. They go, Hey man,
we don't talk like that. You got a name. I go, I don't know it.
But I'm pointing to him. He's not doing his burpees.
And then the joke I made out of it was, Hey, uh, Wendell, the gay guy says,
I can't call you the black guy, but you're not doing your birdies.
I'd like to go to back to the CrossFit.
I liked the idea that we're doing this in a general heart rate sense because you
can sprinkle it in. I want to go to a spin class.
And by the way, that is how,
if you want to like get a real bump in those points, it's about a bumping heart,
like sustained accelerated heart rate.
So spin class is going to get you a bunch that, you know what I mean? It's,
it's not like Joe. I dunno. You know, he's like a way better athlete than you,
but it doesn't mean that we put a pin in that.
So it doesn't mean that it doesn't mean that he'll automatically beat us
because he's in better physical condition. You can actually beat him.
If you're going to push it all the time.
Was it in your brain that makes you do that?
Cause like we just looked at your MVPs and you burned a thousand calories.
Is there some sort of, I talked to pat McAfee one time. He said,
it's about explosively.
It's about rape and murder. My head's filled with it.
Stopping rapists and stop and murderers and killing child molesters.
That's what I think about killing bad people when you work out. Yeah.
That's what I do when I get tired. If I get tired,
I think about like saving someone I care about. I think about stopping someone.
Who's trying to murder someone. I love. That's what I think about.
I love your face.
I'm not kidding. I.
Think about my second wife.
I think about protecting people I care about.
Can you tell, you told me one time? Um, you'll if it's hard, you'll go, uh,
pretending. Someone's trying to kill me. Yeah. Yeah. So you're like pretending.
Yeah.
I don't have words for that.
That's what you gotta do.
Cause that's that's what if you think about worst case scenario,
you're tired and someone's trying to kill someone you care about and you don't
have enough energy to stop them.
But do you think you learned that switch in like, uh,
Tai Taiwan or not TaeKwonDo a.
Yeah. I learned it from martial arts for sure. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Yeah,
because that's the scariest place you could ever be.
Like the scariest place that you could be is life and death.
So like it just putting yourself in, oh, just want to lose weight. Okay, good.
Yeah. That's good. But that's not, you're not going to save yourself.
Like you got, you got to put yourself in like animalistic fury.
That's how you gotta, you gotta put yourself,
you gotta put yourself in this state of just 100% effort.
I was pegged at like a hundred and eighty,
a hundred and seventy seven beats per minute for the last 35, 35 minutes.
That's really that's.
Right. It's got to do it. See the, you know,
that David Goggins guy got in my head with, uh, just embrace the suck.
I can, I can get there where I go and just like, look during the marathon,
I just go, this is where I'm gonna be for the next five and a half hours.
This is where I'm at. And here's what I'm doing. And I can,
I can wrap my head around that. I don't know if I can wrap my head around, like,
I don't know the explicit severity of it in going, like,
I'm going to save my family and then getting.
Work for you. But there still could be a different tactic that works for you.
You know what I mean? Like.
I mean, even like that going that hard to where your body is
completely giving out. There's part of me that goes, Hey man,
what are we doing here? You know like when I'm working out, I go,
that's really hard.
Well, you got, you definitely have to protect your health, right?
Like the last thing you want to be doing this and having a heart attack.
That's always, my fear is I go easy.
Buddy. Easy buddy is a good way to look at it. Yeah.
But I've been doing that kind of working out forever. That's how I work out.
Yeah. But you always go crazy. Yeah. I go crazy.
Did you ever think of,
have you ever thought about someone who like really disrespected you right
before you lift? You know what I mean? Like right before.
That's all that happens online.
You can't read that.
I've gone to like a moment where you're like,
I wish I would have cracked that dude in the face and then right before,
right before.
No, I have not. And I know I'm definitely know what I want.
I know who I'm thinking about. I'm going to try it.
All right. Don't say any names, what does he rhyme with?
I do in order to like, [inaudible] really get yourself into that place.
You, you know,
you don't have to think about something that's terrifying and negative.
But to me that's like,
that's the ultimate position that where you're going to need energy.
This is so silly. That one,
the best shape I've ever been in is when I met my wife, I was 186 pounds.
I look shredded Jamie type in skinny, Bert.
I don't even look almost had a six pack almost.
And I had like side muscle. I'm going for that this year, this month,
I'm really going here. I'm going hard this month. I've I've. I said to Jay,
Jamie and I made a deal with myself every day,
I'm going to do 50 air squats and 50 pushups. I was going to do a hundred.
Skinny Burt. And.
That, by the way, I was posing.
But you were a stud.
That was me. That was when I was in spin class.
Look how skinny your face is. Well,
your sphere face was super skinny after last year, sober October,
that photo that we, that you posted that you sent to us.
I look at my skinny face.
I'm going back. I'm going hard this month. I really am.
And I'm going to cause I'm going to enjoy it last month.
I think last time I did, it was out of spite. I wanted to prove to everyone,
I could stop drinking this month. I'm going into it.
Having not drank probably a third as much as last year. I mean,
meaning like I've drank three quarters as much. Does that make sense? And so,
um, but when I was in spin class,
we had Bob from the biggest loser was our spin class teacher at crunch.
This was back in the crazy.
As Bob, the coach from the biggest loser testing. I never watched.
Uh he's he's he was amazing. His inspiration was so connected.
Key connected to me so quickly. One time it's right before Thanksgiving and uh,
I'm looking good. I'm going to get to go to a wedding,
my buddy's wedding and I'm on, on the bike. And he goes, all right,
everyone out of the saddle is going to be on the saddles for two minutes and I'm
like, this. And then he says, you're going, whoa.
I felt like he was talking to me. He goes, you're going home for Thanksgiving.
You're going to see all the people in high school,
all the people that didn't want to have sex with you.
Do you want them to want to have sex with you this weekend? And I was like,
yeah. And he goes, then stay out of that saddle,
stand on that saddle and earn your Thanksgiving dinner and go out to bars the
night before and say, I won't you on better than you.
And I'm just going to want them to me. I want them to me.
I think of that bombs.
I think of the heart and.
The paint that connected with me so hard. I'm like,
I want people to want me.
Isn't that funny, man? That bike motivated so many comedians. Oh, you know,
just being a loser in high school and I'll show you guys I'll show you.
There's people that.
Take them that takes them straight to their deathbed. You're still like, oh,
they're still like, yeah, Sarah, I seventh grade.
This is for her.